{"verdict":"advance","reason":"The revised plan is a coherent, honestly-scoped feasibility probe that the stated executor can actually run. The hypothesis (verify-before-adopt reduces wrong-peer copying without hurting accuracy when the peer is correct) is testable with three real calls: one peer-answer generation call, one baseline-policy call, one intervention-policy call, all on the same 24 seeded exact-answer integer tasks with identical model/temperature/output format. Ground truth is exact and generated, not fabricated; peer answers are naturally produced by a real call rather than scripted, removing the crippled-control confound. The >=5 natural-peer-error gate is a legitimate pre-registered feasibility stop, and the plan explicitly disclaims significance, novelty, and any transfer to the source's self-confidence/verifier/correlated-hallucination claims. The reformulation clearly abandons the old predictive-comparison and verifier-selection hypotheses and states why (closest-work full text unavailable, dissociation already reported). N=24 is correctly framed as a probe, not a power test. Remaining risks (low natural error rate on easy arithmetic, single model family, no novelty) are disclosed as limitations rather than hidden.","control_check":"Baseline and intervention are matched on model, temperature, task set, peer answers, and output format; the only difference is the verify-before-adopt instruction. No hidden extra calls, no deliberately weakened baseline, no simulated multi-agent trajectory, no fabricated ground truth. The peer call is a real experimental call, and the >=5-error gate prevents drawing a propagation claim from a degenerate sample.","scope_check":"Executor can perform all three calls and exact oracle scoring; no GPU, no cross-family requirement, no multi-agent simulation. The plan correctly limits itself to a paired within-item feasibility comparison and explicitly excludes self-confidence calibration, verifier selection, correlated hallucination, and trust-coordination claims.","novelty_caution":"No novelty is claimed, which is appropriate: the closest work (doi:10.1145/3847307) already reports peer-resistance/self-confidence dissociation and verifier-dependent propagation, and its full text was unavailable, so the novelty gate stays closed. This pilot must remain labeled exploratory feasibility and must not be promoted as a novel contribution even if the >=5-error gate passes."}